#485 add addins for rhino (#486)
Appsilon/rhino: vignettes/how-to/use-addins.Rmd

Reviewer: Remove numbers from sections.
Remove bullet points from the content.

Author: Done!

---
title: "How-to: Rhino Add-ins"
output: rmarkdown::html_vignette
vignette: >
  %\VignetteIndexEntry{How-to: Add-ins}
  %\VignetteEngine{knitr::rmarkdown}
  %\VignetteEncoding{UTF-8}
---

To further streamline your development process, a collection of Add-ins has been designed to integrate with RStudio. These Add-ins provide convenient shortcuts and tools for common tasks.

These Add-ins enhance the RStudio development workflow by providing quick access to essential tasks and enabling background execution, allowing for better transitions between coding and task management.

> This guide introduces each Rhino Add-in

Reviewer: I miss a single sentence where a user can find Rhino addins. It should include a link to RStudio documentation and (optionally) an image.

Author: Added an image and a documentation to rstudio addins url

---
title: "How-to: Rhino Add-ins"
output: rmarkdown::html_vignette
vignette: >
  %\VignetteIndexEntry{How-to: Add-ins}
  %\VignetteEngine{knitr::rmarkdown}
  %\VignetteEncoding{UTF-8}
---

To further streamline your development process, a collection of Add-ins has been designed to integrate with RStudio. These Add-ins provide convenient shortcuts and tools for common tasks.

These Add-ins enhance the RStudio development workflow by providing quick access to essential tasks and enabling background execution, allowing for better transitions between coding and task management.

This guide introduces each Rhino Add-in

# Add-ins

![](images/rhino_addins.png)

> RStudio [add-ins](https://rstudio.github.io/rstudioaddins/) provide a mechanism for executing R functions interactively from within the RStudio ID either through keyboard shortcuts, or through the Add-ins menu

Reviewer: ```suggestion
RStudio [addins](https://rstudio.github.io/rstudioaddins/) provide a mechanism for executing R functions interactively from within the RStudio IDE either through keyboard shortcuts, or through the Add-ins menu.
```

Author: Done

> 

Reviewer: Add section name "Available addins"

Author: Done

> ## 1. Create a new rhino Module

Author: Updated to `Rhino`

---
title: "How-to: Rhino Addins"
output: rmarkdown::html_vignette
vignette: >
  %\VignetteIndexEntry{How-to: Addins}
  %\VignetteEngine{knitr::rmarkdown}
  %\VignetteEncoding{UTF-8}
---

To further streamline your development process, a collection of Addins has been designed to integrate with RStudio. These Addins provide convenient shortcuts and tools for common tasks.

These Addins enhance the RStudio development workflow by providing quick access to essential tasks and enabling background execution, allowing for better transitions between coding and task management.

> This guide introduces each Rhino Addin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide shows Addins available for Rhino.
```

Author: Done! Thanks!
